---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adaptive_resource Resource - terraform-provider-adaptive"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# adaptive_resource (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Adaptive resource
- `type` (String) Type of the Adaptive resource

### Optional

- `access_key_id` (String) The AWS access key id. Used by AWS resource.
- `annotations` (String) The annotations configuration in YAML format. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `api_client_id` (String) The API client ID for a resource. Used by Azure resource.
- `api_client_secret` (String) The API client secret for a resource. Used by Azure resource.
- `api_key` (String) The API key
- `api_server` (String) The url for Kubernetes API server. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `api_token` (String) The API token for the service
- `app_id` (String) The app ID
- `app_key` (String) The app key
- `application_id` (String) The Azure application ID. Used by Azure resource.
- `application_name` (String) The application name for the service
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM role to assume to access AWS Secrets Manager secret
- `aws_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM role to assume to access AWS Secrets Manager secret
- `aws_region_name` (String) The AWS region of the AWS Secrets Manager secret
- `client_id` (String) The client ID of a OAuth application. Used by Google, Okta resource
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret for a resource. Used by Azure, Google, Okta resources.
- `clientcert` (String) The Snowflake client certificate. Used by Snowflake resource
- `cluster_cert` (String) The cluster token for Kubernetes API server. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `cluster_token` (String) The cluster token for Kubernetes API server. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `create_if_not_exists` (Boolean) Whether to create the Keyspaces keyspace if it does not exist
- `database_account` (String) The database account
- `database_name` (String) The name of the database to connect to. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql resources
- `database_password` (String) The database password
- `database_username` (String) The database username
- `dd_api_key` (String) The Datadog API key
- `dd_site` (String) The Datadog site to send data to
- `default_user` (String) Default user for the Services resource
- `domain` (String) The domain name for a resource. Used by Google, Okta resource
- `host` (String) Hostname of the adaptive resource. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql, SSH resources
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the adaptive resource. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql, SSH resources
- `hosts` (List of String) List of hosts. Used by Services resource
- `image` (String) The Docker image to use for the YugabyteDB resource
- `index` (String) The Elasticsearch index to send data to
- `key` (String) The SSH key to use when connecting to the instance. If not specified, password authentication will be used. Used by SSH resource
- `key_file` (String) The content of GCP key file. Used by GCP resource
- `login_url` (String) The login URL for a resource
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where pods will be created. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `network_id` (String) The network ID for ZeroTier network
- `node_selector` (String) The node selector configuration in YAML format. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `organization_id` (String)
- `password` (String) Password for the adaptive integration authentication.Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql, SSH resources
- `port` (String) Port number of the adaptive resource. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql, SSH resources
- `private_key` (String) The private key for the service
- `project_id` (String) The GCP project ID. Used by GCP resource
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to use when connecting to the resource
- `public_key` (String)
- `region` (String) The AWS region of the AWS Secrets Manager secret
- `region_name` (String) The AWS region name. Used by AWS resource.
- `role` (String) The Snowflake role name. Used by Snowflake resource
- `root_cert` (String) The root certificate to use for the CockroachDB instance.
- `schema` (String) The Snowflake schema name. Used by Snowflake resource
- `secret_access_key` (String) The AWS secret access key in plaintext. Used by AWS resource.
- `secret_id` (String) The AWS Secrets Manager secret ID
- `service_account_name` (String) The service account name to use for the YugabyteDB resource
- `shared_secret` (String) The shared secret for the integration
- `ssl_mode` (String) The SSL mode to use when connecting to the database. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql resources
- `sub_system_name` (String) The sub system name for the service
- `tags` (List of String) Optional tags
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure tenant ID. Used by Azure resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tls_cert_file` (String) The certificate file to use for the Postgres-like resources.
- `tls_key_file` (String) The key file to use for the Postgres-like resources.
- `tls_root_cert` (String) The root certificate to use for the Postgres-like resources.
- `token_id` (String) The token ID for the service
- `tolerations` (String) The tolerations configuration in YAML format. Used by Kubernetes resource
- `uri` (String) Connection string to a resource. Used by MongoDB
- `url` (String) The URL for the service
- `urls` (String) Comma-separated list of URLs. Used by Services resource
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) Whether to use proxy
- `use_service_account` (Boolean) Whether to use service account for authentication. Used by GCP resource
- `username` (String) Username for the adaptive resource authentication. Used by CockroachDB, Postgres, Mysql, SSH resources
- `version` (String) The version
- `warehouse` (String) The Snowflake warehouse name. Used by Snowflake resource
- `webui_port` (String) The web UI port

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
